open docker desktop
check if the CVAT container is running, if not start it with: ?
go to http://localhost:8080
python csv_to_cvat.py

Step 1: Create the Task and Upload the Video
Open CVAT in your browser (http://localhost:8080) and click the "+" (Create new task) button.
Give it a name (e.g., "Driveway Video 1").
Under the Files section, drag and drop the exact same .mp4 raw video that your Python script just processed.

Step 2: Define Your Labels
Before you hit submit, CVAT needs to know what vocabulary to expect.
In that same "Create Task" screen, find the Labels section.
Click Add Label and type Crossover. Choose a color, and hit enter.
Click Add Label again and type Dribble. 
Choose Tag.
Click the blue Submit & Open button. CVAT will now upload your video to its database and create the timeline.

Step 3: Upload the AI's Guesses (The XML)
Now that the video is in the system, you inject your Python script's data.
On your Task screen, look for the Actions dropdown menu (the three vertical dots).
Click Upload Annotations.
Select the CVAT 1.1 format.
Upload the specific video_name_cvat.xml file you generated for this video.

Step 4: The Proofread
Click on the Job # link to open the actual video player.
You will see your video on the screen, and a timeline at the bottom.
Hit Play.
Every time your Python script predicted a crossover, you will see a colored tag physically appear on the right side of the screen for that specific frame.
If the AI was right, do nothing. If the AI made a mistake (like tagging a fumble), simply click the tag on the right side of the screen and hit the Delete key (or click the trash can icon).
Once you finish watching the video and deleting the mistakes, you go to Menu -> Export Annotations -> CVAT 1.1 to download the new, perfect XML to merge back into your CSV.
Save the exported files as video1_corrected.xml, video2_corrected.xml, etc., in your project folder.

Go back to your CVAT Job.

Click Menu -> Export job dataset again.

This time, in the dropdown format menu, select CVAT for images 1.1.

Click OK to download the new .zip file.

python merge_ground_truth.py
